This guide is intended to explain the details of how to play the game; not how the game works. For more information on the game itself please read the Developer's Guide.

Exactly how to the game is played depends on which game mode is chosen. A list of the game mode choices is below.

PLAY TOGETHER

How to Play:
  Upon selection of this game mode, the chosen song will begin playing. In this case the song choice is 'Love Story' by Taylor Swift. This song was chosen because it is Alaina's favorite. Simultaneously, a slideshow of pictures will begin on the screen showing a chosen group of pictures. These pictures are personal in nature in order to elicit the greatest response and are of Alaina's family.
  The song will play and the pictures will be displayed one by one until a pause is hit. Upon pausing, Alaina(or whomever is playing) will be prompted to do or say something. In this case, she is expected to repeat the phrase "I love you." or something close to that. Once whomever is playing with her feels satisfied they may hit resume and the song will continue. 
  There are a default of three pauses per play through of this mode; though this number can be adjusted in the option menu. More on that later.

PLAY SOLO

How to Play: 
  Upon selection of this mode, the song will start; as with "PLAY TOGETHER" 'Love Story' is the defualt choice. The song will eventually pause and then a number of pictures will appear along with a command/question, such as "Find Grandpa" or "Who is happy?". If Alaina(or the player) successfully answers the question the song resumes playing; if not the wrong selection will disappear and she will be prompted to choose again.
  Should the player be doing well, more possible answers will be displayed; should they be doing poorly, less will be displayed. The game will randomly choose questions and possible answers each round to make it as diffiult and fun as possible. The game will have a set number of questions(pauses) which can be adjusted in the options menu.
  
  OPTIONS
  
  From this sub-menu you can reset the game if you want to play again, Increase or decccrease number of pauses thereby making the game easier or harder in either mode, remove all pauses entirely if the player is getting frustrated, learn more about the devleopers(that's us!), and customize the look of the game.
  The options menu is always accessible via the cog wheel in the corner of the screen and will pop up over the top of the game.
